Project Title: Ergonomic Management Notification System (app name TBD)
Project Summary:
	This application allows the user to create notifications in order to minimize the amount of necessary communication between the manager and his employees. The application will have two functions a periodic notification system and a custom event notification system. The custom notification function will allow the manager to choose from a list of events that they wish to be notified about should the event occur. Whereas the periodic function will allow the manager to choose what information they want to be kept up to date about on a regular basis. In this project a notification is defined as a text message or email containing data that the application user has asked to receive. 
Project Goals:
Our goal is to create an Android application that makes the operation of the user’s small business more manageable. We intend to create this app such that the user may view information about his/her business and its transactions remotely.
Project Features:
The conclusion of the application would allow for the setup of periodic updates of sales and inventory data. It would also allow for custom notifications that allow for notification to be sent when an action occurs. This would include returns occurring, inventory/stock running low, and google analytics reports. The application will support a installation wizard that will ask basic information question to determine actions that are abnormal. The user will be able to skip answering questions at the cost of additional functionality. 
The periodic notification system will allow the manager to decide between email or text notifications. The user can then determine how many sources the notification will go to and how frequently the notifications will be sent. Lastly, the user can determine what information they want to receive from the application. A fabricated example would be a text message notification to the sales manager once a day containing the list of items sold that day.
The custom notification system will allow the manager to be notified when events occur. It will interface with the built in applications inventory, register, google analytics, customers, and employees. Like the periodic system the user will choose between text and email notifications. Then the user will select an event that they wish to be notified when it occurs. For instance a user could set up a notification that is sent when a refund is issued worth more than $100. 
	Additional work that could be done given extra time include notifications that require management level action. For example refunds over some amount require permission from the manager. The installation wizard could be adapted to include preset templates for business types. The template types would be retail and restaurants.
Limitations:
	The application will be using data from other apps on the clover device such as inventory and register, so the usefulness of this application will be limited to those who use these dependencies. Having minimal knowledge of clover, a limitation may be the application only working on specific clover devices; it is unclear at this time.
